# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`profile_user_environment`](#profile_user_environment): Configure various environment settings for users
* [`profile_user_environment::history`](#profile_user_environment--history): Configure default history environment for all users
* [`profile_user_environment::quota`](#profile_user_environment--quota): Install login scripts to run user quota commands.
* [`profile_user_environment::timeout`](#profile_user_environment--timeout): Configure session timeouts for all users

## Classes

### <a name="profile_user_environment"></a>`profile_user_environment`

Configure various environment settings for users

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include profile_user_environment
```

### <a name="profile_user_environment--history"></a>`profile_user_environment::history`

Configure default history environment for all users

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include profile_user_environment::history
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `profile_user_environment::history` class:

* [`filename`](#-profile_user_environment--history--filename)
* [`size`](#-profile_user_environment--history--size)

##### <a name="-profile_user_environment--history--filename"></a>`filename`

Data type: `String`

Name of history file.
This string will be prepended by either '.bash_' or '.csh_' for the actual file.

##### <a name="-profile_user_environment--history--size"></a>`size`

Data type: `Integer`

Number of history records to keep in history file.

### <a name="profile_user_environment--quota"></a>`profile_user_environment::quota`

Install login scripts to run user quota commands.

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include profile_user_environment::quota
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `profile_user_environment::quota` class:

* [`command_paths`](#-profile_user_environment--quota--command_paths)
* [`file_prefix`](#-profile_user_environment--quota--file_prefix)
* [`skip_users`](#-profile_user_environment--quota--skip_users)
* [`timeout_interval_seconds`](#-profile_user_environment--quota--timeout_interval_seconds)

##### <a name="-profile_user_environment--quota--command_paths"></a>`command_paths`

Data type: `Array`

Paths to commands/scripts to run to display user
quota information. Leave empty to NOT run any
quota commands at login.

##### <a name="-profile_user_environment--quota--file_prefix"></a>`file_prefix`

Data type: `String`

Run-script files will be added for various shells in /etc/profile.d/
to wrap the quota scripts. This parameter specifies the prefix for
the filenames of these run-scripts. The entire name will end up being
${file_prefix}_quota.[extension]. A prefix is useful to avoid collisions
and control the order of execution in relation to other scripts in
/etc/profile.d/.

##### <a name="-profile_user_environment--quota--skip_users"></a>`skip_users`

Data type: `Array`

When these users log in quota commands will NOT be run.

##### <a name="-profile_user_environment--quota--timeout_interval_seconds"></a>`timeout_interval_seconds`

Data type: `Integer`

Each quota command is wrapped in 'timeout' and will be aborted after
this number of seconds. Can be useful to prevent long "hangs" at
login if there are filesystem problems.

### <a name="profile_user_environment--timeout"></a>`profile_user_environment::timeout`

Configure session timeouts for all users

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include profile_user_environment::timeout
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `profile_user_environment::timeout` class:

* [`limit_ssh_hours`](#-profile_user_environment--timeout--limit_ssh_hours)
* [`session_minutes`](#-profile_user_environment--timeout--session_minutes)

##### <a name="-profile_user_environment--timeout--limit_ssh_hours"></a>`limit_ssh_hours`

Data type: `Integer`

Number of elapsed hours to limit a ssh session.
A value of <= 0 results in NO limit.

##### <a name="-profile_user_environment--timeout--session_minutes"></a>`session_minutes`

Data type: `Integer`

Number of minutes of idle before session times out and ends.

